Apoorva: The last guy I dated, he used to speak in English which was really weird for me because I've only dated, like, Delhi boys, West Delhi boys. Apoorva is from Vikaspuri. "He was polite in English to me which was even weirder, right? Like, so one day we were fighting and you know, I was getting really angry and he was like, Apoorva that's preposterous. This was really strange for me because my other boyfriends would just call me **" I was like, okay, if I don't get anyone, he is there. And then it sort of didn't work out because he was travelling and I was travelling, then we were like, it won't work or whatever. So I met one of those common friends literally, 2 days ago, let's call her Preeti. And she's like, he's going out on a date. I am like, how dare he? I am marr. Gaurav's ex-boyfriend came out as bisexual five days after they broke up. Gaurav says she feels betrayed that he didn't tell her he is bisexual. Gaurav Kapoor's next standup special is going to be called preposterous. Gaurav just had a baby, guys. GK, you are a new father. How many months it's been? 4 months, 5 months? It's been 5 months. GK and his wife have a son now. But we want second like second kid we want to be a girl. So we discuss adopting we plan whether or not we must do it. In his life it's like mom, Japa and then my mother-in-law because she also stays with us and then me. And then sometimes our cook also takes care. It takes a village to raise a kid. Azeem has been married to Gaurav for 11 years. The couple have been living in Goa since moving there last year. Azeem says they are in the middle of a long-distance marriage. In the last 3 months, we've met a total of 4 times. We're taking all of July off to sort of just bond, chill, relax. And spend time in Goa. Apoorva says she and her family get along very well. She says she is very in touch with her feelings and is depressed 24x7. Apoorva is also Gen Z. Me and Azeem are meeting for the second time only, I think. Pretty much like my wife only. It explains the tension at this point. Do you have any siblings? Where did you get the vaping reference from? Raunaq's dad is a real estate agent in Mumbai. Raunaq lived in the house that her son was supposed to live in because she was overbearing. She lived there for one year and then moved away. "I am a little gay though. But I am not but Are you into astrology? Are you in astrology?" "Yes. It's not always two people, sometimes it's one person" Most of them do it for fun only. Because there's nothing professional about. This sounds like EMI calculator. But my question is being an astrophysicist, how did you get time to go to Jehangir Art Gallery? Usually free people go there, you should be working. "I fully believed in it and I was What are you? Are you a Pisces or a Taurus? I am a Leo. Any Leos in the audience. Sorry, sorry, tell us. What is your experience like in astrology? Umm.. so I went because I needed some answers," she said. I don't really think stealing of birth data is very hard of Yeah you can steal it.. You ask when is your birthday. No, but you need time and place. But that's the thing, so the person dating her could have very easily asked her so it's not really stolen. It's like iTunes terms and conditions, you just accepted it. In 199, you can get unlimited kundalis the birth chart and.. I promise you that's not what Cashify does. But the point being that Mercury was in retrograde then. He was in a relationship later he broke up, he searched the historical data and he found her. I am supporting the girl. Good for West Delhi. West Delhi is moving on in life. I don't believe in such things. Has anyone put any superstition in you before? Even I don’t believe it but if someone told me, I would start thinking about it. I come from a little progressive area, you know. Cashify will send a guy to your house and he will check. Based on the evaluation, and give you the cash there and there and take away your phone. We've Cashify gifts to give to people. Take your phones out, cash in. Who has the lowest battery on their phone right now? Is there anybody less than 4%? You should sell one on Cashify. Apoorva, you must have your lawyers on there. 4:58, ladies and gentlemen. Come, take your prize. Whom are you talking to? Can you show us the proof? If you love someone, you should just accept them as how they are, right? You shouldn't be correcting them all the time. In India, it's really not that much even in corporate culture. As I said, there are live comedians and alive comedians. In corporate culture it is like that? Let's say, if you have said your pronouns are like, me one would assume my pronouns are he. And someone calls me he. Can I go to HR? Even in India, HR takes it seriously? Gaurav: My English is sometimes wrong but I am confident that I am speaking correct. Have you been corrected by your partner about something? I've never been corrected. I am a woman. I always keep correcting my boyfriend like, last time I told him don't f** other women. He didn't listen to me so he started f** men. Now that you are talking about your wife we spoke about this earlier. I really appreciate I really appreciated. Gaurav Kapoor's wife unfollowed all his comedian friends 4-5 years ago. He didn't know this for a long time because he was living his regular life. He realised Amit Tandon and Nishant Suri were also missing. I follow everyone on this A** you are following everyone. There is a blue follow button. I am not following you. By the way, guys, we've a brand so we got.. we got a cushioned seats because You know in the comments, every time I read just saying Bro Raunaq, they are sitting very uncomfortably.